README.md, before:

Commit Build: [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_apis/build/status/HomeZoneUiTests-CommitBuild)](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_build/latest?definitionId=6)

Release Build: [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_apis/build/status/HomeZoneUiTests-ReleaseBuild)](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_build/latest?definitionId=2)

# Introduction 
This project contains the UI tests for the HomeZone.

# Getting Started
TODO: Guide users through getting your code up and running on their own system. In this section you can talk about:
1.	Installation process
2.	Software dependencies
3.	Latest releases
4.	API references

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Deployment
Each night the master branch is deployed. If an earlier deployement is need for example to test a specific checkin in the autotest environment, following steps are required:
1. Select Build -> Pipelines -> Nightly -> Queue
2. Wait until build has finished
3. Select Build -> Pipelines -> Releases -> UiTests Beta -> Create a release
-> The new build is now available inside the artifactory and a new QB can be triggered

# Contribute
TODO: Explain how other users and developers can contribute to make your code better. 

If you want to learn more about creating good readme files then refer the following [guidelines](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/git/create-a-readme). You can also seek inspiration from the below readme files:
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)

Commit message:

add debug info to readme

README.md, after:

Commit Build: [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_apis/build/status/HomeZoneUiTests-CommitBuild)](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_build/latest?definitionId=6)

Release Build: [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_apis/build/status/HomeZoneUiTests-ReleaseBuild)](https://dev.azure.com/Trumpf-HomeZone/UiTests/_build/latest?definitionId=2)

# Introduction 
This project contains the UI tests for the HomeZone.

# Getting Started
TODO: Guide users through getting your code up and running on their own system. In this section you can talk about:
1.	Installation process
2.	Software dependencies
3.	Latest releases
4.	API references

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Deployment
Each night the master branch is deployed. If an earlier deployement is need for example to test a specific checkin in the autotest environment, following steps are required:
1. Select Build -> Pipelines -> Nightly -> Queue
2. Wait until build has finished
3. Select Build -> Pipelines -> Releases -> UiTests Beta -> Create a release
-> The new build is now available inside the artifactory and a new QB can be triggered

# Debug
Use the vnc viewer to connect to the machine which executes the tests. If you use remote desktop the client gets locked.

# Contribute
TODO: Explain how other users and developers can contribute to make your code better. 

If you want to learn more about creating good readme files then refer the following [guidelines](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/git/create-a-readme). You can also seek inspiration from the below readme files:
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)
